1. add canvas element

2. put canvas in the body

3. put the canvas inside a div (this turns the entire canvas into a div)
4. the parent div is the whole canvas

5. Set the style of parent div to position relative; CSS property creates a new positioning context for a positioned element. 
This means that the element is positioned relative to its original position on the page, and not relative to the position of
any other elements on the page. When an element has a position: relative; property, you can use the top, bottom, left, and 
right CSS properties to move the element relative to its original position.

6. set the first child div to position absolute; this will take it out of the document flaw. This means, the width and height of this
div won't affect any others

7. divs originally have a display:block; that means they appear on top/underneath each other; so for our purposes we wan't to make it
a display:flex so that we can get them to appear side by side. We have to put the flex in the parent div. A parent div with flex affects
all child div

8. Set the width of the parent div to 100% so it takes up the full width of the canvas; it won't reflect any visual change yet but this 
just set the scope to 100% width

9. Set the timer div to flex-shrink: 0 so that the parent div's flex property doesn't affect it's height/width

10. Set parent div to align-items: center so that every child div in it gets centered

11. Right now, the parent div with a position relative is taking up the full width of the window, so the health bar extends beyond the canvas width.
We don't want that. So, we will add display: inline-block; so it will make sure that this div has the width of the children(canvas) inside it;

12.In our header we add css styling element box-sizing. We apply it to everything (by using *); Border box will ensure that padding is 
counted when we get the total width;

13. We add {top: 0; right: 0; bottom: 0; left: 0;} to our dive so that when the health bar takes a hit there is still a remaining
trace of the original healthbar



